Hey, Brother,
the time is now.
Yeah.
[grunt]
Here I go, Masao.
Yeah.
[ann] What?
What's happening?
-This is our...
-new special technique...
-Skylab...
-Hurricane!
-[gasps]
-[ann] Incredible!
One of the twins has been
thrusted like a projectile
towards the sky
and now he's...
he's...he's flying!
What a beautiful
thing to see!
[yell]
[grunt]
[snicker]
[yell]
-[Mamoru] Morisaki!
-[grunt]
[ann]
Goal!
What a goal!
The Tachibana Twins have
scored with an amazing shot.
Incredible.
That can't be!
-[narr] Episode 38:
-[cheering]
Assault!
Tachibana Brothers.
[ann] Team Hanawa
closes the gap
and now they're just
- one goal away
-[laughs]
- from tying the match.
-Did you see that?
What did you think about
our Skylab Hurricane?
We're the only ones
capable of performing
that amazing shot
in the air.
I never thought
the twin's game
would ever improve
to that level.
Well, you had better start
believing it.
We saw how Masao and Kazuo
trained day and night...
to be able to perfect
that complicated shot.
[pants]
I think we did it, Brother.
It's not enough
to do it once.
We must perfect it, Brother.
But my legs really hurt.
[grunt]
This time, I'll give you
the boost.
Come on, get up now.
Okay, all right.
Guys, you don't have to
rush it.
You know you can keep
training tomorrow.
No.
We can't do that.
We can't waste
a single second
until we completely perfect
the Hurricane Shot.
Yeah, you're right, Brother.
If not, we won't stand
a chance against Nankatsu.
-Let's go.
-Yeah.
[Nobuo] They were training
day and night
without any rest.
[grunt]
[yell]
[screams]
And thanks to their efforts,
we now possess the most
dangerous weapon
that will ensure
our victory.
-Yeah!
[growl]
Uhh...
That new technique
was excellent.
And it seems like there's
no way to counter it
and stop it.
That new technique is going
to be a very big problem.
No one will be able
to stop that shot.
It's a foolproof technique.
Am I right, Captain?
So it seems.
[Hikaru] What are you
going to do, Tsubasa?
Huh?
[Hikaru]
Hyuga...
So, "Skylab Hurricane", huh?
Listen, were you able to
capture that?
Yeah. It's been a while
since I'd seen
such an incredible shot
live.
Well, stop me if I'm wrong,
but if I remember
correctly...
the Triangle Shot
is performed
by using a corner of
the goalpost to jump
and complete the shot.
That forms
a perfect triangle.
However, the "Skylab
Hurricane" technique
allows the person
that's jumping
to connect directly
with the shot,
without depending on
the goalpost for impulse.
Whoever is on the ground
becomes a human trampoline.
This match is incredible.
Team Nankatsu
is in serious problems.
What's you next move
going to be, Tsubasa?
Nankatsu,
I want you to remain calm.
Remain calm?
How do you expect me
to calm down
after seeing
that incredible shot?
It's impressive, no doubt...
but it's not foolproof.
They depend on an elevated
pass to complete it.
-Oh!
Yeah, that's true, guys.
Well, since that's
the case...
we should put pressure
on the player
making the elevated pass
so he's unable to pass
to the twins.
Of course, I get it.
Instead of just defending
their shots...
we'll keep attacking.
That way they won't have
that chance.
Mhm.
All right, team.
Now it's our turn
to counterattack.
-Yeah!
You're not going to lose,
Tsubasa.
I'm the only one who can
defeat you.
[cheering]
[ann] Team Myoko tries
to score the goal of honor.
-[grunt]
-[ann] But the goalkeeper,
Ken Wakashimazu,
doesn't let
anything through.
That can't be!
Really nice save,
-Wakashimazu.
-Ah!
[ann] In the absence of
Hyuga,
their goalie
Wakashimazu,
has become the pillar
of the team.
[Kitazume]
We don't need Hyuga to win.
[ann] Up until
this moment,
Toho's goalkeeper hasn't
let one single goal in
during the tournament.
[Ken]
Now that I'm the captain,
I can't allow another team
to score on us.
Our only rival is Nankatsu.
[Takeshi]
Hyuga could've been
the best scorer
in the tournament
for the third time in a row,
but he decided to train
on his own
so he could improve
and defeat Nankatsu.
[grunt]
We won't let...
his sacrifice be in vain.
We must remain undefeated
until he's back on our team,
and he's our captain
once again.
[ann] And Team Hanawa
recovers the ball.
Thanks to the Tachibana
twins' spectacular goal,
we see the Hanawa
in a new light.
Let's see if they'll
be able to tie the game
with Nankatsu before
the first half is up.
-[pants]
-Nobuo!
We must even
the score immediately.
Yeah!
Hiroshi, mark him now.
Yeah, I got him.
[grunts]
[ann] Team Nankatsu
marks their players
and doesn't let
Team Hanawa through.
They want to prevent
any passes come what may.
[grunts]
Pass the ball, I'm open.
Huh?
-Stop him now!
-Huh?
[grunt]
[grunts]
[ann]
Aimoto spins
and manages to escape
with the ball.
-Wha--?
-This can't be!
-Perfect! Let's go!
You won't get through.
-Go!
-[gasp]
[ann] Team Hanawa manages
to make the pass
and the ball is
flying high.
The Tachibana Twins
are getting ready to
perform their technique
once again.
[Tsubasa] No! We weren't
able to prevent the pass.
[grunt]
What do I do?
Here I go, Masao.
[ann] And the energetic
Tachibana Twins
are at it again!
[Tsubasa]
What should I do?
Huh?
I know.
-[grunt]
-[ann] Incredible!
Tsubasa uses the goalpost
to drive himself in the air.
Tsubasa.
He's going to try to stop
the Skylab Hurricane
-in midair!
-[gasp]
[gasp]
-[grunts]
-[ann] What happened?
Hanawa's number 10
stopped short.
-Why'd he do that?!
-Wait, what?
-[grunt]
-[ann] Tsubasa sends
the ball towards
the sideline.
- And the referee whistles.
-[whistle]
This means that the first
half has come to an end.
-[laugh]
-[grunt]
-Great job, Tsubasa.
-[growl]
Their "Skylab Hurricane"
isn't a threat anymore.
[Masao] [snicker]
Tsubasa...
Don't fool yourself.
You can't counter
our "Skylab Hurricane."
And soon, you'll know why.
[Tsubasa]
The Tachibana Twins...
Listen to me...
I'm so sorry, guys.
My pass was a little
too low.
It's all right.
In fact, thanks to that,
we were able to rest
our legs this time.
Because after all...
We can't use our technique
every single time.
Tsubasa's incredible.
He used an acrobatic
technique
to counter another one.
Well, the truth is that
-he was very lucky.
-Huh?
He hasn't really
found a way
to successfully counter
that shot yet.
-It doesn't matter.
-Huh?
Tsubasa will soon find
the solution to the problem.
There's no hope left
for you.
You've lost your mind.
Kumi is actually
quite right.
-Huh?
-Yeah?
The stronger
the opponent is,
the greater Tsubasa's
growth as a player.
[narr] Team Nankatsu's
locker room...
What? Your jump won't be
enough to block them then?
That's correct.
They can reach...
a higher altitude
than I can.
They didn't jump because
the pass wasn't high enough.
It had nothing
to do with me.
No.
That just can't be.
Now, we really do have
a problem.
Well, yeah, but...
performing
Skylab Hurricane
causes great tension
on the twin's legs.
They won't be able
to use it all the time.
So then...they're limited.
I doesn't matter what
technique they use.
We can't be impressed
with everything they do.
We must counterattack.
-Yeah!
All right.
Let's go score
-two more goals.
-Yeah!
-Yes, we can!
-Yeah, let's go!
[Yamashita]
Good job, guys.
We'll turn this match around
soon enough.
-Yes, sir!
Now Daimaru will provide
the support you need.
[chuckles]
[Masao] We're counting
on you, Daimaru.
[laugh]
Leave it up to me.
Great...
This time,
we'll defeat Nankatsu
with our very own catapult.
[ann]
Attention.
There's a change
for Team Hanawa.
Number 3,
Yuta Takeda exits
and number 12,
Yuichiro Daimaru,
enters the pitch.
Look, guys,
it's Daimaru, the Catapult!
We're counting on you!
Yeah!
Come on, man!
Catapult!
Who's that big guy
coming in?
No idea.
[whistle]
[ann] We're in the second
half of this match
and Team Hanawa
begins their attack.
[grunt]
[gasp]
We have to get the ball
from them
so they can't pass it.
Yeah!
Daimaru.
Huh?
[ann] Daimaru,
also known as the Catapult,
currently has the ball.
All right, guys...
Here I go.
[yell]
[ann] And the ball
flies up in the air
and it's heading directly
to Nankatsu's goal.
No!
This can't be.
He's incredibly strong.
That was my Explosive Kick.
I bet you weren't
expecting it.
This is our chance, Kazuo.
Yeah.
[ann] Team Nankatsu
is being stormed by Hanawa
in the first few seconds
of the second half.
Uhh...
I must jump now to
counterattack the shot.
[grunt]
Tsubasa!
It's useless.
It's doesn't matter
what you do, Tsubasa.
You won't be able to
stop us.
[ann] There is Kazuo
getting ready
to catapult his brother
- up in the air again
-Skylab
- with their special
-Hurricane!
acrobatic technique.
[laughs]
-This is
-the Tachibana Twins'...
-special technique...
-Skylab Hurricane!
[ann] There's the Tachibana
twins' technique!
- Skylab Hurricane!
-[gasps]
Tsubasa...
Tsubasa!
-Tsubasa!
Exactly!
I'm Tsubasa Ozora.
Team Nankatsu's Captain.
[grunts]
[ann] Tsubasa Ozora
jumps off
- the corner of the goal post
-[yell]
- and the crossbar.
-[yelling]
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
[yelling]
[gasp]
This can't be.
[grunts]
[ann]
Tsubasa and Masao
fight for the ball
in mid-air.
[grunts]
[screams]
[ann] Nankatsu's captain
managed to stop
the Skylab Hurricane!
-He stopped them.
-All right!
No, Masao.
-You did it, Tsubasa.
-Ah!
-[laugh]
-Well done, Tsubasa.
You are the best.
[chuckle]
[ann]
But Masao isn't
- able to regain control.
-[scream]
-Masao! No!
-He'll kill himself!
[scream]
[Tsubasa]
I must protect his neck.
[grunts]
[ann] Both players
crash unto the field.
-Tsubasa!
-Tsubasa, no!
[whistle]
-Tsubasa!
-Brother!
-Masao!
-[grunt]
[ann] There has been
a terrible accident.
We hope it was
nothing serious.
- They both fell
-[groaning]
from very high up.
Are you okay, man?
[groan]
My...My shoulder.
-[groaning]
-[ann] It seems like Tsubasa
is severely hurt
after his terrible fall.
-[groaning]
-Brother, are you okay?
Yeah, because,
Tsubasa...
-just saved my life.
-Huh?
-[groaning]
-Tsubasa...
Tsubasa...
Young man, are you okay?
Uhh... Yeah.
[groaning]
I'm just fine.
You're not okay.
You dislocated
your shoulder.
What?
You must go immediately
to the infirmary.
Don't you worry.
[grunt]
I can still play.
-Tsubasa...
-[grunt]
[gasp]
[grunt]
I can go on.
I won't abandon
my team.
[pant]
My place is here.
What are you saying?
No, Tsubasa.
You can't play like this.
You have to get checked
by a doctor.
It's irresponsible not to.
Don't worry.
We're going to defend
the goal for you.
But I can't leave
you guys alone.
Listen to your team,
young man.
You have to go to
the infirmary.
It's an order, do you hear?
[groan]
If you don't do it,
I'll be forced to expel you
from the game.
[grunt]
Yes, sir,
I'll go immediately.
I'm sorry, my friends.
I have to go now,
but I promise to all of you
that I'll be back.
-Resist until then.
-[gasp]
Don't worry.
-Your wellbeing comes first.
-[groan]
Oh, okay.
I'll feel better.
[ann] Tsubasa
exits the pitch
due to his injury.
This can't be.
[ann] Team Nankatsu
must now continue
without their captain.
This is a big blow
for the rest of the squad.
We don't know if he's
going to be able to play.
For now, Team Nankatsu
has lost their advantage
and their spearhead.
Tsubasa...
[sob]
Huh?
Where are you going?
They'll keep playing
without their captain.
Tsubasa...
[growl]
This can't be happening.
This is bad.
I never imagined
this could happen.
If it turns out to be
a serious injury,
it's quite probable...
that he won't be able to
keep playing
in the tournament.
[ann] Team Hanawa will
now take the corner kick.
It's their opportunity
to score.
They'll take full advantage
that Tsubasa isn't here.
Don't worry about it,
Mamoru.
Hajime and I are going to
stop them.
Yeah, we already
have a plan.
Yuzo and Shingo,
listen up...
We must defend the goal
until Tsubasa returns.
-Yeah!
Tsubasa sacrificed himself
to protect you.
We're very grateful,
and because of that,
we'll honor his gesture
by playing with
everything we've got.
There won't be a truce.
Yeah, that's what
he would've wanted.
-This time, we will do...
-the Skylab Hurricane.
-[whimper]
-[doctor] [grunt]
[Tsubasa] [scream]
-[Tsubasa] [scream]
What are they doing to him?
Why is he screaming?
[ann]
This is unheard of!
-[gasp]
-Hmm...
It's incredible.
This must be
some sort of joke.
[grunts]
[ann]
Nankatsu's forwards
are on top of
the goalpost.
They'll try and stop
the Tachibana Twins' attack
with this movement.
Will they be able to
stop the Skylab Hurricane?
We may not have
their agility,
but we should be able to
jump from up here
to stop their famous
Skylab Hurricane
without a problem.
That's right.
We won't let them
complete their shot.
[gasps]
If that's what you think...
All right,
let's see it then.
-[Masao] Daimaru, now.
-[Kazuo] Daimaru, now.
Here it goes.
[ann] Masao throws himself
on the ground
and gets ready.
All right,
here comes their shot.
Teppei and Hajime,
you must stop it
no matter what!
-Did you hear me?
-Yeah!
[grunt]
[ann] What? The ball is
flying in a straight line.
-What's that?
Coming!
The Skylab Hurricane doesn't
only work vertically.
We can change the angle
and make it horizontal.
-Get ready for
-the Tachibana Twins'
-technique...
-the Low-Flying
-Skylab Hurricane!
[ann] Kazuo
launches himself
like a projectile
towards the ball.
It's horizontal!
This can't be!
[grunts]
[yell]
[grunt]
[ann]
Goal!
Team Hanawa is finally
able to score the goal
to tie the match
on minute 37.
Yeah!
That's how you do it,
Hanawa!
Nice job, Masao and Kazuo!
Excellent shot, guys!
The Skylab Hurricane
is unbeatable!
[Yamashita]
We can win.
This time, we'll be able to
defeat Team Nankatsu.
All right!
Let's turn
this match around.
Aww...
This can't be.
-[groans]
-I never imagined
they would...
also shoot horizontally.
[narr]
Infirmary...
-Huh?
Did you come in
because of the screams?
Don't worry.
I applied a strong
yet effective treatment.
[laugh]
[laughs]
Doctor...
Will he be able to play?
-Will Tsubasa be okay?
-[sigh] Huh?
[doctor]
Yes.
With this bandage,
he'll be able to
return to the pitch
without a problem.
On the other hand,
I'm impressed with
the strength and resilience
this young man
has developed.
And of course...
it's not good
for a team to play
without their captain.
-Isn't that right, Tsubasa?
-Yes, doctor.
[gasp]
[doctor]
There now.
This should protect
your shoulder.
Even so, try to avoid
physical contact
and jumping so high.
If you dislocate
your shoulder again,
you won't be able to play
anymore.
Yes, doctor.
[doctor] You can be kicking
and screaming,
but you won't return
to the pitch.
Do you understand
what I'm saying, Tsubasa?
-Mhm.
-If you try to disobey me,
I'll be the one asking
for your expulsion.
Is that clear?
Crystal clear, doctor.
Thank you very much, sir.
Huh?
Uhh...
Go out there and win...
Just do it.
Yeah.
[cheering]
Come on! Yeah!
Oh, Tsubasa.
-How are you feeling?
-Yeah!
Yup, I'm all right now.
How's the match going?
-Nankatsu!
-[Manabu] They surprised us.
It just so happens they can
do the Skylab Hurricane
horizontally too.
What? So you mean
they tied the match?
-Here.
-It's mine.
[ann] Team Hanawa
intercepts the pass.
Stop him now!
Let's go for
the winning goal.
-Huh?
[gasps]
[Ryo]
Tsubasa!
[ann] It seems like
Nankatsu's captain
is better and
ready to play once again.
Listen up.
Don't lose hope, Nankatsu.
We can still win
this soccer match today!
That's not good.
It's gonna be really hard
to beat him today.
It's Tsubasa!
Without him, it wouldn't be
an interesting match.
Yeah, that's right.
[Masao]
But if we can score
before he comes back
on the pitch...
[Kazuo]
We'll have a nice advantage.
-It's time for
-our Skylab Hurricane!
No, not this again.
Quickly,
don't let the big guy
complete the pass.
-Yeah!
[ann]
Team Nankatsu approaches
to steal the ball
from them.
Looking for something?
[gasps]
Go!
[ann] But Hanawa
manages to pass the ball.
This can't be.
[grunt]
Here I go, Masao.
[ann] The twin brothers
get ready to perform
the Skylab Hurricane
again.
This can't be.
-Skylab...Hurricane!
Now we're gonna
win this for sure.
[yells]
[screams]
-[gasp]
-What happened?
[ann]
The twin brothers
- collapse on the ground.
-[gasp]
- They weren't able to
-[groans]
complete their special shot.
-Masao, Kazuo, we're coming!
-[groans]
I think I have
a muscle cramp.
I got one too.
-[ann] The tension was
-[groaning]
too much for
their legs to bear.
We were quite lucky
this time.
Exactly, it's just like
Tsubasa said.
They can't use
that technique all the time
-without getting injured.
-[cheering]
-Huh?
[ann] And Team Nankatsu's
captain is back on the pitch
and he receives
a standing ovation.
-Tsubasa!
-You can do it!
[laugh]
Finish 'em off, Tsubasa.
Let's go, Nankatsu.
Go for
the Triple Championship!
You must win this match now.
Tsubasa...
How does your shoulder feel?
Oh, it's a lot better.
Thank you.
We're sorry, Captain.
We couldn't prevent them
from scoring.
Don't worry about that.
You defended the area well.
Tsubasa...
Now we're going to turn
the scoreboard around, guys.
We have to attack with
everything we've got...
if we want to win
this soccer game.
Yeah!
We can only use
our Hurricane one last time.
In that case,
we have to be careful
to not waste
our special shot.
The last time we use it
must be
-for the defining goal.
-I agree.
[whistle]
[ann] Morisaki
has the goal kick.
All 11 players
are on the pitch again.
Will they be able to
score this time?
Tsubasa!
It's yours!
They're gonna play
defensively
to rest their legs
and then they will
fully attack later.
So if that's the case,
I have to score now,
before that happens.
My entire team is
counting on me.
-[gasp]
-[ann] Incredible!
The Tachibana Twins
are marking
Taki and Kisugi.
It looks like
they're not leaving
anything to chance.
They're determined
to keep Team Nankatsu
from passing the ball.
[Tsubasa]
The Tachibana Twins are
marking our players too.
I can't pass the ball
to anyone.
[Norio]
Now that he's distracted,
I'm gonna take
the ball from him.
Tsubasa, be careful!
I can't make it to the goal,
and I can't make a pass
for Hajime or Teppei either.
If that's the case, I have
no other choice but to...
-[grunt]
-What?!
[grunt]
[yell]
I must use...
my Drive Shot!